Kafka broker annotation for using an external kafka topic (#4981)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/broker/kafka-broker/README.md

  annotations:
    # case-sensitive
    eventing.knative.dev/broker.class: Kafka
    # Optional annotation to point to an externally managed kafka topic:

>     # kafka.eventing.knative.dev/external.topic: <topic-name>

Reviewer: I'd put this example in the `Using externally managed topic` section since:
- this should be the default for most users
- in that section we can explain what are the implications of using an external topic (topic lifecycle, validity, restrictions, ACLs)

Author: Interesting, I had it on an extra separate section, I ended up moved it here, b/c I was expecting a comment that I should move to the large one to not duplicate content :joy: 

I move up, as I don't really care where we document.

Regarding ACLs, I am for sure not explaining all the ACL, I will add a warning / note with some implications

        namespace: knative-eventing
```

> ## Using externally managed topic

Reviewer: What if we call this section "Bring your own topic" ? :thinking:

Author: fine with me

!!! note
    `ca.crt` can be omitted to fallback to use system's root CA set.

## Bring your own topic

By default the Knative Kafka Broker creates its own internal topic, however it is possible to point to an externally managed topic, using the `kafka.eventing.knative.dev/external.topic` annotation:

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  annotations:
    # case-sensitive
    eventing.knative.dev/broker.class: Kafka
    kafka.eventing.knative.dev/external.topic: <my-topic-name>
  name: default
  namespace: default
spec:

> ...

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  # other spec fields ...
```

```

!!! note

>     Be aware that using an external topic the Knative Kafka Broker does not own the topic and therefor is _not_ responsible for the topic at all. This includes the topic lifecycle or its general validity. Also be aware of other restrictions for general access to the topic, using [Access Control Lists (ACLs)](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#security_authz).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    When using an external topic, the Knative Kafka Broker does not own the topic and is not responsible for managing the topic. This includes the topic lifecycle or its general validity. Other restrictions for general access to the topic may apply. See the documentation about using [Access Control Lists (ACLs)](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#security_authz).
```

Reviewer 2: suggestion for readability, otherwise "therefor" is a typo
